{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"# Simon Game  \n\nhttps://github.com/murphya14/Simon-game.git\n\n\n\n\n\nThis is an Interactive Frontend website for an engaging memory game, The Simon Game.\nThe purpose of this website is to provide a challeging game that gives an energetic User Interface and captures the attention of the player. \nThis game has stood the test of time and has been a popular choice for over 40 years! \n\n\nThis is a game that appeals to __all ages__. There is the \noption of a more challenging game by using the __Strict Mode__ setting. \nThe aim of this website is to provide an energetic game that is pleasing visually and audibly.\n\nThis is a B2C website which triggers emotive response through \ntestimonials, images, video clips and ease of contact in order to create customers.\nPricing is conveyed clearly with a clear and simple method to contact the Business directly. In addition \nto this, there is an offer of a free consultation for the most expensive \npackage which is the tailored programs. This offers an incentive for potential customers. \n\n## UX Design\n\nThe purpose of this website is mainly to attract new customers and make them aware of the current offer (Free Consultation for the Personal Training Package.)\nIt is a source of information for current customers as it provides social media\nlinks, a group fitness timetable, details on classes and a video of the classes.\nCustomers can find out more about the founders background as well as what's involved in Personal Training.\nThey have the ability to contact the Business and can tick the box to be sent any customer offers.\nThe content is laid out to allow the customer navigate easily to \nfind the information which they require. This includes a 'back-to-top' button and prompting links. \n\n__The target customer has the following qualities:__\n* Health orientated/ Looking to establish fitness goals \n* Has disposable income\n* Wants to be part of a community \n\n__The goal for visitors to the site, created the following brainstorm for the \nUser story:__\n\n1. As a visitor to the site, I want to be able to navigate to the information required easily. \n2. As a potential client, I want to understand more about the founders education, methods and philosophy.\n3. As a potential client, I want to explore the available services, understand what's included in these services and receive testimonials/images/videos relaying feedback on the service provided.\n4. As a potential client, I want to have deals and offers highlighted which clearly outline the incentive to click on the link provided.\n5. As a potential/current client, I want to easily be able to contact the service provider. \n6. As a potential/current client, I want easy access to all social media.\n7. As a potential/current client, I want easy access to timetables to see if they are viable for my time schedule.\n8. As a potential/current client, I want to be made aware of pricing.\n\n__Wireframe Mock-ups__\n* [Home](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-website/blob/master/wireframe/index.html.jpg)\n* [About](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-website/blob/master/wireframe/about.html.jpg) \n* [Personal Training](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-website/blob/master/wireframe/personal-training.html.jpg)\n* [Group Training](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-website/blob/master/wireframe/group-training.html.jpg) \n* [Get in Touch](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-website/blob/master/wireframe/get_in_touch.html.jpg)\n \n## Features\n### Existing Features \n#### Feature 1 \n_Navigation Bar:_\nThis is a __responsive__ navigation bar which allows the user to navigate easily and access the information \nwhich they require by clicking links. This enhances the User Interface. For mobile devices, this becomes a 'select' dropdown menu\nwhich saves real estate for the smaller screen. The logo is in the navigation bar and the yellow colour gives a sense of vibrancy reflecting the nature of the business.\nSocial media links are highlighted.\n\n#### Feature 2\n_Footer:_\nThis is a fixed footer showing a copyright as well as a link to social media links.\nThere is a \"Back to the top\" button and this allows visitors to click it and return to the top of the page for ease of navigation.\n\n#### Feature 3\n_Social Media Icons:_ These are fixed iconsin both the navigation bar and footer. They are opposing colours to catch the attention of customers\nThe icons are sourced from Font Awesome. They change colour when the mouse hovers over them which creates an engaging customer experience.\nThe active page is highlighted by a slate gray colour to aid navigation. \n\n#### Feature 4\n_Black and white Image:_\nEach page has a black and white image below the navigation bar to convey a positive emotive response from the user.\nOn each page the signature name of LN Fitness is printed across the image in bright green. Each page benefits from a new image to keep the customer engaged and convey the service provided. \nWith responsive design, the image is not shown, however, the signature name is to encourage brand recognition. \n\n#### Feature 5\n_Tailored program link:_ This is located on the 'Home' page and links to the 'Personal Training'\npage. It is to attract customers to the promotion of a free consultation and a \n__call to action button__. The word \"free\" is highlighted to draw attention to the offer. \n\n#### Feature 6\n_Embedded Video:_ Located on the 'Group Training' page. The user can play and pause with a click. With responsive design, this becomes a button that becomes an external page so the user is not taken away from LN Fitness website. \n\n\n#### Feature 7\n_Get in touch link:_ Link on each page (except home) and a __call to action__ which directs the customer to the Get in Touch page. Located at the end of the page.\n\n\n#### Feature 8\n_Get in touch:_ This is a form, allowing visitors to send their enquiry directly to\nthe fitness expert. Name, email, contact number and message must be filled. All fields are required\nand a valid email address must be used. The bottom of the page contains a Send Button. Included in the form is a box that can be ticked to opt in to emails regarding the latest offers.\nThis can potentially increase the customer base and allows for effective marketing. \n\n#### Feature 9\n_Timetable:_ This is an external link that opens in another tab so as to keep the customer on the LN Fitness website. It is a detailed timetable allowing customers to browse the classes offered and the days/times in which they are on.\n\n#### Feature 10\n_Pricing:_  A box contains the Personal Training price packages. \n\n#### Fearure 11\n_Font and colours_ A transitioning gray to white background was chosen with the text in black.\nThis was to convey the clean and simple service that is being provided. The colours compliment the black and white photos while highlighting the energetic and vibrancy nature of the navigation bar (yellow), signiture text (bright green) and highlighted text (white or marigold)\nwhich is used to create a healthy vibrancy to the website. \n\n\n\n### Features to implement in the Future\n* Login area for current customers \n* Blog created by the fitness expert\n* GDPR Compliance \n* A follow up message that thanks the customer for contacting the business.\n* An option of languages to increase the market potential\n* A functional calender so customers can book in sessions \n* Potential to create an App for the online customers\n\n## Technologies Used\n* __HTML and CSS:__ \nThis project was created using HTML and CSS.\n\n* __Cloud9:__\nThis project was written on Cloud9.\n<br>https://c9.io/login\n\n* __W3C online validators:__\nOnline validators were used to check code was valid for both HTML and CSS.\n<br>HTML validator: https://validator.w3.org\n<br>CSS Validator: http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/\n\n* __BootstrapCDN:__\nBootstrap 4 was utilised to create a resposive web page and give a framework to the website.\n<br>https://getbootstrap.com/\n\n* __Font Awesome:__ Provided icons. <br>https://fontawesome.com/\n\n\n* __Google Fonts:__ The main font was sourced from <br>https://fonts.google.com/\n\n* __jQuery:__ This project makes reference to jQuery  \n <br>https://jquery.com/\n\n* __Auto prefix tool:__ This tool allowed me to insure cross-browser compatability.\n<br>https://autoprefixer.github.io/\n\n* __Git:__ Pushed Local git repository to remote repository on GitHub.\n<br> https://git-scm.com/\n<br>https://github.com/\n\n* __CSS Colour Codes:__ Used to obtain the colours for the project.\n<br>https://www.quackit.com/css/css_color_codes.cfm\n\n\n\n## Testing \n\nTesting information can be found in separate [TESTING.md file](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-website/blob/master/TESTING.md)\n\n## Deployment\n\nThis project was created using the [Cloud9 IDE](https://c9.io), committed to git and then pushed to GitHub.\n\nTo deploy this page to GitHub Pages from its [GitHub repository](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-webpage), the following steps were taken: \n1. Log into GitHub. \n2. In the repositories, select **murphya14/Fitness-webpaget**.\n3. Select **Settings** which is below the navigation bar.\n4. Go to the **GitHub Pages** section.\n5. Click the **Source** menu and select **Master Branch**\n6. The website is now deployed. \n7. Scroll back to **GitHub Pages** section to find the link.\n\n\n### How to run this project locally\n\nCloning this project from GitHub:\n1. Follow this link to the [LN Fitness Github repository](https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-webpage).\n2. Click the green button on the right hand side of the screen named \"Clone or download\".\n3. Copy the URL shown for the repository. \n4. Open a terminal in your local dev environment.\n5. Change working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.\n6. Type ```git clone```, and then paste the URL you copied.\n```console\ngit clone https://github.com/murphya14/Fitness-website.git\n```\n7. Press Enter to create your local clone. \n\n\n## Credits\n\n* I received inspiration from researching fitness website such as [Pat Divilly](https://www.patdivilly.com/) and [Adidas](https://www.adidas.ie/).\n\n\n### Content\nAll content in the 'About' page is fictional.\n\n### Media\n* __Images:__\nImages sourced by using advanced search in Google images to filter for \"free to use, share or modify, even commercially\" images only.\nImage links: \n* [Logo](https://svgsilh.com/image/1975689.html)\n* [Home Image](https://pixabay.com/photos/crossfit-sports-fitness-training-534615/)\n* [About Image](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/739233)\n* [Personal Training Image](https://www.google.com/search?q=gym++black+and+white&tbm=isch&tbs=rimg:CW7h6vM84x6uIghu4erzPOMerioSCW7h6vM84x6uEcCMNWXqBud_1&tbo=u&ved=2ahUKEwi_9Ljv3bvjAhWQRRUIHUwvA6oQiRx6BAgBEAo&ictx=1&uact=3#imgrc=JIKSG4GcFgMgBM:)\n* [Group Training Image](https://www.groupon.com/deals/8th-day-gym-1-grand-rapids)\n* [Contact Image](https://www.google.com/search?q=gym++black+and+white&tbm=isch&tbs=rimg:CW7h6vM84x6uIghu4erzPOMerioSCW7h6vM84x6uEcCMNWXqBud_1&tbo=u&ved=2ahUKEwi_9Ljv3bvjAhWQRRUIHUwvA6oQiRx6BAgBEAo&ictx=1&uact=3#imgrc=omrNNWzIAnIA5M:)\n* [Testimony Image](https://www.publicdomainpictures.net/en/view-image.php?image=275457&picture=weight-loss)\n\n* __Video:__ [Video from Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/229291915)\n\n* __Timetable:__ Timetable is fictionally created.\n\n### Code\n* Colour transition for the background was enable through [mycolor.space](https://mycolor.space/gradient?ori=to+right+top&hex=%2395ABAA&hex2=%23F6F6F5&sub=1*/)\n* Font design used for signature of LN Fitness obtained through [cssfontstack](https://www.cssfontstack.com/Web-Fonts).\n\n### Disclaimer\nThe content of this Website is for educational purposes only.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n","undoManager":{"mark":-3,"position":100,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":10,"column":13},"end":{"row":10,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":64},{"start":{"row":10,"column":14},"end":{"row":10,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":15},"end":{"row":10,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":16},"end":{"row":10,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":17},"end":{"row":10,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":18},"end":{"row":10,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":19},"end":{"row":10,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":65},{"start":{"row":10,"column":20},"end":{"row":10,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":21},"end":{"row":10,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":21},"end":{"row":10,"column":22},"action":"remove","lines":["h"],"id":66},{"start":{"row":10,"column":20},"end":{"row":10,"column":21},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":20},"end":{"row":10,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":67},{"start":{"row":10,"column":21},"end":{"row":10,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":22},"end":{"row":10,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":23},"end":{"row":10,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":68},{"start":{"row":10,"column":24},"end":{"row":10,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":25},"end":{"row":10,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":26},"end":{"row":10,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":27},"end":{"row":10,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":28},"end":{"row":10,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":69},{"start":{"row":10,"column":29},"end":{"row":10,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":30},"end":{"row":10,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":31},"end":{"row":10,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":70},{"start":{"row":10,"column":32},"end":{"row":10,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":33},"end":{"row":10,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":34},"end":{"row":10,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":35},"end":{"row":10,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":71}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":35},"end":{"row":10,"column":36},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":72},{"start":{"row":10,"column":34},"end":{"row":10,"column":35},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":33},"end":{"row":10,"column":34},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":32},"end":{"row":10,"column":33},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":32},"end":{"row":10,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":73},{"start":{"row":10,"column":33},"end":{"row":10,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":34},"end":{"row":10,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":35},"end":{"row":10,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":36},"end":{"row":10,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":74},{"start":{"row":10,"column":37},"end":{"row":10,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":38},"end":{"row":10,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":39},"end":{"row":10,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":40},"end":{"row":10,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":75},{"start":{"row":10,"column":41},"end":{"row":10,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":42},"end":{"row":10,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":43},"end":{"row":10,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":44},"end":{"row":10,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":76},{"start":{"row":10,"column":45},"end":{"row":10,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":46},"end":{"row":10,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":47},"end":{"row":10,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":48},"end":{"row":10,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":49},"end":{"row":10,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":77},{"start":{"row":10,"column":50},"end":{"row":10,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":51},"end":{"row":10,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":78},{"start":{"row":10,"column":52},"end":{"row":10,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":53},"end":{"row":10,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":54},"end":{"row":10,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":55},"end":{"row":10,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":56},"end":{"row":10,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":57},"end":{"row":10,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":58},"end":{"row":10,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":79}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":59},"end":{"row":10,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":80},{"start":{"row":10,"column":60},"end":{"row":10,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":61},"end":{"row":10,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":62},"end":{"row":10,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":63},"end":{"row":10,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":64},"end":{"row":10,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":65},"end":{"row":10,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":81},{"start":{"row":10,"column":66},"end":{"row":10,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["="]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":66},"end":{"row":10,"column":67},"action":"remove","lines":["="],"id":82},{"start":{"row":10,"column":65},"end":{"row":10,"column":66},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":64},"end":{"row":10,"column":65},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":63},"end":{"row":10,"column":64},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":62},"end":{"row":10,"column":63},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":61},"end":{"row":10,"column":62},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":61},"end":{"row":10,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["h"],"id":83},{"start":{"row":10,"column":62},"end":{"row":10,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":63},"end":{"row":10,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":64},"end":{"row":10,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":65},"end":{"row":10,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":66},"end":{"row":10,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":84},{"start":{"row":10,"column":67},"end":{"row":10,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":68},"end":{"row":10,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":69},"end":{"row":10,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":70},"end":{"row":10,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":85}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":56},"end":{"row":10,"column":57},"action":"remove","lines":["k"],"id":86}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":56},"end":{"row":10,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["l"],"id":87}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":71},"end":{"row":10,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["o"],"id":88},{"start":{"row":10,"column":72},"end":{"row":10,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":73},"end":{"row":10,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":74},"end":{"row":10,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":75},"end":{"row":10,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":89},{"start":{"row":10,"column":76},"end":{"row":10,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["4"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":77},"end":{"row":10,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["0"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":78},"end":{"row":10,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":90},{"start":{"row":10,"column":79},"end":{"row":10,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":80},"end":{"row":10,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":81},"end":{"row":10,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":82},"end":{"row":10,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":83},"end":{"row":10,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":10,"column":84},"end":{"row":10,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":85},"end":{"row":10,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":91}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":85},"end":{"row":10,"column":86},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":92},{"start":{"row":10,"column":84},"end":{"row":10,"column":85},"action":"remove","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":84},"end":{"row":10,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["!"],"id":93}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":85},"end":{"row":10,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":94},{"start":{"row":10,"column":86},"end":{"row":11,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["T"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":1},"end":{"row":11,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":11,"column":2},"end":{"row":11,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":95},{"start":{"row":11,"column":3},"end":{"row":11,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":11,"column":4},"end":{"row":11,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":96},{"start":{"row":11,"column":5},"end":{"row":11,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":6},"end":{"row":11,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":7},"end":{"row":11,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":8},"end":{"row":11,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":11,"column":9},"end":{"row":11,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":97}],[{"start":{"row":11,"column":9},"end":{"row":11,"column":10},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":98},{"start":{"row":11,"column":8},"end":{"row":11,"column":9},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":7},"end":{"row":11,"column":8},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":6},"end":{"row":11,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":5},"end":{"row":11,"column":6},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":4},"end":{"row":11,"column":5},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":3},"end":{"row":11,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":2},"end":{"row":11,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":1},"end":{"row":11,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":11,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["T"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":2},"end":{"row":14,"column":6},"action":"remove","lines":["thei"],"id":99},{"start":{"row":14,"column":2},"end":{"row":14,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":2},"end":{"row":14,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":100},{"start":{"row":14,"column":3},"end":{"row":14,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":4},"end":{"row":14,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":5},"end":{"row":14,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":101},{"start":{"row":14,"column":6},"end":{"row":14,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":7},"end":{"row":14,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":8},"end":{"row":14,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":9},"end":{"row":14,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":9},"end":{"row":14,"column":10},"action":"remove","lines":["r"],"id":102}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":9},"end":{"row":14,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":103}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":5},"end":{"row":13,"column":108},"action":"remove","lines":["business and website is meeting the increasing demand of current and potential customers to succeed in "],"id":104},{"start":{"row":13,"column":5},"end":{"row":13,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":6},"end":{"row":13,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":7},"end":{"row":13,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":105},{"start":{"row":13,"column":8},"end":{"row":13,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":9},"end":{"row":13,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":106},{"start":{"row":13,"column":10},"end":{"row":13,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":11},"end":{"row":13,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":12},"end":{"row":13,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":13},"end":{"row":13,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":14},"end":{"row":13,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":107},{"start":{"row":13,"column":15},"end":{"row":13,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":16},"end":{"row":13,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":17},"end":{"row":13,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":18},"end":{"row":13,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":19},"end":{"row":13,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":108},{"start":{"row":13,"column":20},"end":{"row":13,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":21},"end":{"row":13,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":22},"end":{"row":13,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":23},"end":{"row":13,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":24},"end":{"row":13,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":25},"end":{"row":13,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":26},"end":{"row":13,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":27},"end":{"row":13,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":109},{"start":{"row":13,"column":28},"end":{"row":13,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":29},"end":{"row":13,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":30},"end":{"row":13,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":110},{"start":{"row":13,"column":31},"end":{"row":13,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":32},"end":{"row":13,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":33},"end":{"row":13,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":33},"end":{"row":13,"column":34},"action":"remove","lines":["l"],"id":111},{"start":{"row":13,"column":32},"end":{"row":13,"column":33},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":31},"end":{"row":13,"column":32},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":13,"column":30},"end":{"row":13,"column":31},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":30},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":112}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":30},"end":{"row":13,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":113}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":44},"end":{"row":13,"column":56},"action":"remove","lines":["fitness goal"],"id":114}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":44},"end":{"row":13,"column":45},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":115}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":43},"end":{"row":13,"column":44},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":116}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":44},"end":{"row":14,"column":119},"action":"remove","lines":[" In addition to this, it is creating a platform that","is capable of appealing to all budgets and preference for delivary that will achieve the desired result for customers. "],"id":117}],[{"start":{"row":13,"column":44},"end":{"row":13,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":118}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":10},"end":{"row":14,"column":55},"action":"remove","lines":["tailored program or following a group program"],"id":119},{"start":{"row":14,"column":10},"end":{"row":14,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["z"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":11},"end":{"row":14,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":120},{"start":{"row":14,"column":12},"end":{"row":14,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":12},"end":{"row":14,"column":13},"action":"remove","lines":["m"],"id":121},{"start":{"row":14,"column":11},"end":{"row":14,"column":12},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":10},"end":{"row":14,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["z"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":10},"end":{"row":14,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":122}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":11},"end":{"row":14,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":123},{"start":{"row":14,"column":12},"end":{"row":14,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":13},"end":{"row":14,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":14},"end":{"row":14,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":15},"end":{"row":14,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":16},"end":{"row":14,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":124},{"start":{"row":14,"column":17},"end":{"row":14,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":18},"end":{"row":14,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":19},"end":{"row":14,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":20},"end":{"row":14,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":21},"end":{"row":14,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":22},"end":{"row":14,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":23},"end":{"row":14,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":24},"end":{"row":14,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":25},"end":{"row":14,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":26},"end":{"row":14,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":27},"end":{"row":14,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["g"],"id":125}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":28},"end":{"row":14,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":126},{"start":{"row":14,"column":29},"end":{"row":14,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":30},"end":{"row":14,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":31},"end":{"row":14,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":32},"end":{"row":14,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":33},"end":{"row":14,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":127}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":34},"end":{"row":14,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":128},{"start":{"row":14,"column":35},"end":{"row":14,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":36},"end":{"row":14,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":129},{"start":{"row":14,"column":37},"end":{"row":14,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":38},"end":{"row":14,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":39},"end":{"row":14,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":40},"end":{"row":14,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":41},"end":{"row":14,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":42},"end":{"row":14,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":130},{"start":{"row":14,"column":43},"end":{"row":14,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":44},"end":{"row":14,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":45},"end":{"row":14,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":46},"end":{"row":14,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":131}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":47},"end":{"row":14,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["S"],"id":132},{"start":{"row":14,"column":48},"end":{"row":14,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":49},"end":{"row":14,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":50},"end":{"row":14,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":51},"end":{"row":14,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":52},"end":{"row":14,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":53},"end":{"row":14,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":133},{"start":{"row":14,"column":54},"end":{"row":14,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["M"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":55},"end":{"row":14,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":56},"end":{"row":14,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":57},"end":{"row":14,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":58},"end":{"row":14,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":134},{"start":{"row":14,"column":59},"end":{"row":14,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":60},"end":{"row":14,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":61},"end":{"row":14,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":62},"end":{"row":14,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":135},{"start":{"row":14,"column":63},"end":{"row":14,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":64},"end":{"row":14,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":65},"end":{"row":14,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":66},"end":{"row":14,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":136}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":66},"end":{"row":14,"column":67},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":137}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":47},"end":{"row":14,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["_"],"id":138}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":48},"end":{"row":14,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["_"],"id":139}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":60},"end":{"row":14,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["_"],"id":140},{"start":{"row":14,"column":61},"end":{"row":14,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["_"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":30},"end":{"row":16,"column":16},"action":"remove","lines":["convey this information to potential customers and ","prompt contact. "],"id":141},{"start":{"row":15,"column":30},"end":{"row":15,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":31},"end":{"row":15,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":32},"end":{"row":15,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":33},"end":{"row":15,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":34},"end":{"row":15,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":35},"end":{"row":15,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":36},"end":{"row":15,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":37},"end":{"row":15,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":142},{"start":{"row":15,"column":38},"end":{"row":15,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":39},"end":{"row":15,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":40},"end":{"row":15,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":143},{"start":{"row":15,"column":41},"end":{"row":15,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":41},"end":{"row":15,"column":42},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":144}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":41},"end":{"row":15,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":145},{"start":{"row":15,"column":42},"end":{"row":15,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":43},"end":{"row":15,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":44},"end":{"row":15,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":45},"end":{"row":15,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":46},"end":{"row":15,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":46},"end":{"row":15,"column":47},"action":"remove","lines":["a"],"id":146}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":46},"end":{"row":15,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":147},{"start":{"row":15,"column":47},"end":{"row":15,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":48},"end":{"row":15,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":49},"end":{"row":15,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":50},"end":{"row":15,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":148},{"start":{"row":15,"column":51},"end":{"row":15,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":52},"end":{"row":15,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":53},"end":{"row":15,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":54},"end":{"row":15,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":55},"end":{"row":15,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":149},{"start":{"row":15,"column":56},"end":{"row":15,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":57},"end":{"row":15,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":58},"end":{"row":15,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":59},"end":{"row":15,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":60},"end":{"row":15,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":150},{"start":{"row":15,"column":61},"end":{"row":15,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":61},"end":{"row":15,"column":62},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":151},{"start":{"row":15,"column":60},"end":{"row":15,"column":61},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":60},"end":{"row":15,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":152}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":61},"end":{"row":15,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":153},{"start":{"row":15,"column":62},"end":{"row":15,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":63},"end":{"row":15,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":154},{"start":{"row":15,"column":64},"end":{"row":15,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":65},"end":{"row":15,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":66},"end":{"row":15,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":155},{"start":{"row":15,"column":67},"end":{"row":15,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":68},"end":{"row":15,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":69},"end":{"row":15,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":70},"end":{"row":15,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":71},"end":{"row":15,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":72},"end":{"row":15,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":156},{"start":{"row":15,"column":73},"end":{"row":15,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":74},"end":{"row":15,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":75},"end":{"row":15,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":76},"end":{"row":15,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":77},"end":{"row":15,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":157}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":77},"end":{"row":15,"column":78},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":158},{"start":{"row":15,"column":76},"end":{"row":15,"column":77},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":75},"end":{"row":15,"column":76},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":74},"end":{"row":15,"column":75},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":73},"end":{"row":15,"column":74},"action":"remove","lines":["b"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":73},"end":{"row":15,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["v"],"id":159},{"start":{"row":15,"column":74},"end":{"row":15,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":75},"end":{"row":15,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":76},"end":{"row":15,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":77},"end":{"row":15,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":78},"end":{"row":15,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":79},"end":{"row":15,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":80},"end":{"row":15,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":81},"end":{"row":15,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":160},{"start":{"row":15,"column":82},"end":{"row":15,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":83},"end":{"row":15,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":84},"end":{"row":15,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":85},"end":{"row":15,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":161},{"start":{"row":15,"column":86},"end":{"row":15,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":87},"end":{"row":15,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":88},"end":{"row":15,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":89},"end":{"row":15,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":90},"end":{"row":15,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":91},"end":{"row":15,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":92},"end":{"row":15,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["y"],"id":162},{"start":{"row":15,"column":93},"end":{"row":15,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":72},"end":{"row":15,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":163},{"start":{"row":15,"column":73},"end":{"row":15,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":74},"end":{"row":15,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":75},"end":{"row":15,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":15,"column":76},"end":{"row":15,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":73},"end":{"row":15,"column":78},"action":"remove","lines":["both "],"id":164}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":17,"column":62},"end":{"row":17,"column":62},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1569829553902}